Sec Mon Template Variables (#11167)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/security_monitoring/log_detection_rules.md

{{#is_exact_match "@network.client.ip" "1.2.3.4"}}The ip matched.{{/is_exact_match}}
```

Tag your signals with different tags, for example, `security:attack` or `technique:T1110-brute-force`.

**Note**: the tag `security` is special. This tag is used to classify the security signal. The recommended options are: `attack`, `threat-intel`, `compliance`, `anomaly`, and `data-leak`.

### Template variables

> Security rules support template variables within the markdown notification box. Template variables permit injection of dynamic context from triggered logs directly into a security signal and it's associated notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security rules support template variables within the markdown notification box. Template variables permit injection of dynamic context from triggered logs directly into a security signal and its associated notifications.
```

> For example, if a security rule detects when a user logs in from an IP address known to be malicious, the message will state which user and IP address triggered a given signal when using the specified template variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a security rule detects when a user logs in from an IP address known to be malicious, the message states which user and IP address triggered a given signal when using the specified template variable.
```
